CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

Contribution Guidelines
=======================

Want to get started working on RubyGems.org? Start here!

How To Contribute
-----------------

* Follow the steps described in [Development Setup](#development-setup)
* Create a topic branch: `git checkout -b awesome_feature`
* Commit your changes
* Keep up to date: `git fetch && git rebase origin/master`

Once you’re ready:

* Fork the project on GitHub
* Add your repository as a remote: `git remote add your_remote your_repo`
* Push up your branch: `git push your_remote awesome_feature`
* Create a Pull Request for the topic branch, asking for review.

If you’re looking for things to hack on, please check
[GitHub Issues](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems.org/issues). If you’ve
found bugs or have feature ideas don’t be afraid to pipe up and ask the
[mailing list](https://groups.google.com/group/rubygems-org) or IRC channel
(`#rubygems` on `irc.freenode.net`) about them.

Acceptance
----------

**Contributions WILL NOT be accepted without tests.**

If you haven't tested before, start reading up in the `test/` directory to see
what's going on. If you've got good links regarding TDD or testing in general
feel free to add them here!

Branching
---------

For your own development, use the topic branches. Basically, cut each
feature into its own branch and send pull requests based off those.

The master branch is the main production branch. **Always** should be
fast-forwardable.

Development Setup
-----------------

This page is for setting up Rubygems on a local development machine to
contribute patches/fixes/awesome stuff. **If you need to host your own
gem server, please consider checking out
[Gemstash](https://github.com/bundler/gemstash). It's designed to
provide pass-through caching for RubyGems.org, as well as host private
gems for your organization..**

#### Environment (OS X)

* Use Ruby 2.3.5
* Use Rubygems 2.6.10
* Install bundler: `gem install bundler`
* Install Elastic Search:
  * Pull ElasticSearch `5.1.2` : `docker pull docker.elastic.co/elasticsearch/elasticsearch:5.1.2`
  * Running Elasticsearch from the command line:
  ```
  docker run -p 9200:9200 -e "http.host=0.0.0.0" -e "transport.host=127.0.0.1" docker.elastic.co/elasticsearch/elasticsearch:5.1.2
  ```

* Install PostgreSQL (>= 8.4.x): `brew install postgres`
  * Setup information: `brew info postgresql`
* Install memcached: `brew install memcached`
  * Show all memcached options: `memcached -h`

#### Environment (Linux - Debian/Ubuntu)

* Use Ruby 2.3.5 `apt-get install ruby2.3`
  * Or install via [alternate methods](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/)
* Use Rubygems 2.6.10
* Install bundler: `gem install bundler`
* Install Elastic Search:
  * Pull ElasticSearch `5.1.2` : `docker pull docker.elastic.co/elasticsearch/elasticsearch:5.1.2`
  * Running Elasticsearch from the command line:
  ```
  docker run -p 9200:9200 -e "http.host=0.0.0.0" -e "transport.host=127.0.0.1" docker.elastic.co/elasticsearch/elasticsearch:5.1.2
  ```
* Install PostgreSQL: `apt-get install postgresql postgresql-server-dev-all`
  * Help to setup database <https://wiki.debian.org/PostgreSql>
* Install memcached: `apt-get install memcached`
  * Show all memcached options: `memcached -h`

#### Getting the code

* Clone the repo: `git clone git://github.com/rubygems/rubygems.org`
* Move into your cloned rubygems directory if you haven’t already:
    `cd rubygems.org`
* Install dependencies:
    `bundle install`

#### Setting up the database

* Get set up: `./script/setup`
* Run the database rake tasks if needed:
    `bundle exec rake db:reset db:test:prepare --trace`

#### Running tests

* Start elastic search: `elasticsearch`
* Start memcached: `memcached`
* Run the tests: `bundle exec rake`

#### Running RuboCop

We use RuboCop to enforce a consistent coding style throughout the project.
Please ensure any changes you make conform to our style standards or else the
build will fail.

    bundle exec rake rubocop

If you'd like RuboCop to attempt to automatically fix your style offenses, you
can try running:

    bundle exec rake rubocop:auto_correct

#### Importing gems into the database

* Import gems into the database with Rake task.
    `bundle exec rake gemcutter:import:process vendor/cache`
    * _To import a small set of gems you can point the import process to any
        gems cache directory, like a very small `rvm` gemset for instance, or
	specifying `GEM_PATH/cache` instead of `vendor/cache`._
* If you need the index available then run `bundle exec rake gemcutter:index:update`.
    This primes the filesystem gem index for local use.

#### Getting the test data

* A good way to get some test data is to import from a local gem directory.
`gem env` will tell you where rubygems stores your gems. Run
`bundle exec rake gemcutter:import:process #{INSTALLATION_DIRECTORY}/cache`

* If you see "Processing 0 gems" you’ve probably specified the wrong
directory. The proper directory will be full of .gem files.

#### Getting the data dumps
* You can use rubygems.org data [dumps](https://rubygems.org/pages/data) to test
application in development environment especially for performance related issues.
* To load the main database dump into Postgres, use `psql` - e.g. `$ psql gemcutter_development < PostgreSQL.sql`.

#### Pushing gems

* In order to push a gem to your local installation use a command like
    the following:

    ``` bash
    RUBYGEMS_HOST=http://localhost:3000 gem push hola-0.0.3.gem
    ```
---

When everything is set up, start the web server with `rails server` and browse to
[localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) or use [Pow](http://pow.cx)!

Database Layout
---------------

Courtesy of [Rails ERD](https://voormedia.github.io/rails-erd/)

![Rubygems.org Domain Model](https://cdn.rawgit.com/rubygems/rubygems.org/master/doc/erd.svg)

Commit message:

add a docker-compose file to easily spin up the required services and include documentation.

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

Contribution Guidelines
=======================

Want to get started working on RubyGems.org? Start here!

How To Contribute
-----------------

* Follow the steps described in [Development Setup](#development-setup)
* Create a topic branch: `git checkout -b awesome_feature`
* Commit your changes
* Keep up to date: `git fetch && git rebase origin/master`

Once you’re ready:

* Fork the project on GitHub
* Add your repository as a remote: `git remote add your_remote your_repo`
* Push up your branch: `git push your_remote awesome_feature`
* Create a Pull Request for the topic branch, asking for review.

If you’re looking for things to hack on, please check
[GitHub Issues](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems.org/issues). If you’ve
found bugs or have feature ideas don’t be afraid to pipe up and ask the
[mailing list](https://groups.google.com/group/rubygems-org) or IRC channel
(`#rubygems` on `irc.freenode.net`) about them.

Acceptance
----------

**Contributions WILL NOT be accepted without tests.**

If you haven't tested before, start reading up in the `test/` directory to see
what's going on. If you've got good links regarding TDD or testing in general
feel free to add them here!

Branching
---------

For your own development, use the topic branches. Basically, cut each
feature into its own branch and send pull requests based off those.

The master branch is the main production branch. **Always** should be
fast-forwardable.

Development Setup
-----------------

This page is for setting up Rubygems on a local development machine to
contribute patches/fixes/awesome stuff. **If you need to host your own
gem server, please consider checking out
[Gemstash](https://github.com/bundler/gemstash). It's designed to
provide pass-through caching for RubyGems.org, as well as host private
gems for your organization..**

#### Environment (Docker)
There is a `docker-compose.yml` file inside the project that easily lets you spin up
services that the application depends on such as: postgresql, memcached & elasticsearch.

* Install Docker. See instructions at https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/ 
* run `docker-compose up` to start the required services.

Follow the instructions below on how to install Bundler and setup the database.

#### Environment (OS X)

* Use Ruby 2.3.5
* Use Rubygems 2.6.10
* Install bundler: `gem install bundler`
* Install Elastic Search:
  * Pull ElasticSearch `5.1.2` : `docker pull docker.elastic.co/elasticsearch/elasticsearch:5.1.2`
  * Running Elasticsearch from the command line:
  ```
  docker run -p 9200:9200 -e "http.host=0.0.0.0" -e "transport.host=127.0.0.1" docker.elastic.co/elasticsearch/elasticsearch:5.1.2
  ```

* Install PostgreSQL (>= 8.4.x): `brew install postgres`
  * Setup information: `brew info postgresql`
* Install memcached: `brew install memcached`
  * Show all memcached options: `memcached -h`

#### Environment (Linux - Debian/Ubuntu)

* Use Ruby 2.3.5 `apt-get install ruby2.3`
  * Or install via [alternate methods](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/)
* Use Rubygems 2.6.10
* Install bundler: `gem install bundler`
* Install Elastic Search:
  * Pull ElasticSearch `5.1.2` : `docker pull docker.elastic.co/elasticsearch/elasticsearch:5.1.2`
  * Running Elasticsearch from the command line:
  ```
  docker run -p 9200:9200 -e "http.host=0.0.0.0" -e "transport.host=127.0.0.1" docker.elastic.co/elasticsearch/elasticsearch:5.1.2
  ```
* Install PostgreSQL: `apt-get install postgresql postgresql-server-dev-all`
  * Help to setup database <https://wiki.debian.org/PostgreSql>
* Install memcached: `apt-get install memcached`
  * Show all memcached options: `memcached -h`

#### Getting the code

* Clone the repo: `git clone git://github.com/rubygems/rubygems.org`
* Move into your cloned rubygems directory if you haven’t already:
    `cd rubygems.org`
* Install dependencies:
    `bundle install`

#### Setting up the database

* Get set up: `./script/setup`
* Run the database rake tasks if needed:
    `bundle exec rake db:reset db:test:prepare --trace`

#### Running tests

* Start elastic search: `elasticsearch`
* Start memcached: `memcached`
* Run the tests: `bundle exec rake`

#### Running RuboCop

We use RuboCop to enforce a consistent coding style throughout the project.
Please ensure any changes you make conform to our style standards or else the
build will fail.

    bundle exec rake rubocop

If you'd like RuboCop to attempt to automatically fix your style offenses, you
can try running:

    bundle exec rake rubocop:auto_correct

#### Importing gems into the database

* Import gems into the database with Rake task.
    `bundle exec rake gemcutter:import:process vendor/cache`
    * _To import a small set of gems you can point the import process to any
        gems cache directory, like a very small `rvm` gemset for instance, or
	specifying `GEM_PATH/cache` instead of `vendor/cache`._
* If you need the index available then run `bundle exec rake gemcutter:index:update`.
    This primes the filesystem gem index for local use.

#### Getting the test data

* A good way to get some test data is to import from a local gem directory.
`gem env` will tell you where rubygems stores your gems. Run
`bundle exec rake gemcutter:import:process #{INSTALLATION_DIRECTORY}/cache`

* If you see "Processing 0 gems" you’ve probably specified the wrong
directory. The proper directory will be full of .gem files.

#### Getting the data dumps
* You can use rubygems.org data [dumps](https://rubygems.org/pages/data) to test
application in development environment especially for performance related issues.
* To load the main database dump into Postgres, use `psql` - e.g. `$ psql gemcutter_development < PostgreSQL.sql`.

#### Pushing gems

* In order to push a gem to your local installation use a command like
    the following:

    ``` bash
    RUBYGEMS_HOST=http://localhost:3000 gem push hola-0.0.3.gem
    ```
---

When everything is set up, start the web server with `rails server` and browse to
[localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) or use [Pow](http://pow.cx)!

Database Layout
---------------

Courtesy of [Rails ERD](https://voormedia.github.io/rails-erd/)

![Rubygems.org Domain Model](https://cdn.rawgit.com/rubygems/rubygems.org/master/doc/erd.svg)
