README.md, before:

# RubyGems.org (née Gemcutter)
The Ruby community's gem host.

## Purpose

* Provide a better API for dealing with gems
* Create more transparent and accessible project pages
* Enable the community to improve and enhance the site

## Supporting

<a href="https://rubytogether.org/"><img src="https://rubytogether.org/images/rubies.svg" width=200></a><br/>
  RubyGems.org is maintained by <a href="https://rubytogether.org/">Ruby Together</a>, a grassroots initiative committed to supporting the critical Ruby infrastructure you rely on. Contribute today <a href="https://rubytogether.org/developers">as an individual</a> or even better, <a href="https://rubytogether.org/companies">as a company</a>, and ensure that RubyGems.org, Bundler, and other shared tooling is around for years to come.

## Links

* [Mailing List][]
* [FAQ][]
* [IRC][]: #rubygems on Freenode
* [Travis][]: [![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/rubygems/rubygems.org/master.svg)][travis]
* [Gemnasium][]: [![Dependency Status](https://img.shields.io/gemnasium/rubygems/rubygems.org.svg)][gemnasium]
* [Code Climate][]: [![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/7110bb3f9b765042d604/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/rubygems/rubygems.org/maintainability)
* [Trello Board][]

[mailing list]: https://groups.google.com/group/rubygems-org
[faq]: http://help.rubygems.org/kb/gemcutter/faq
[irc]: https://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=rubygems
[travis]: https://travis-ci.org/rubygems/rubygems.org
[gemnasium]: https://gemnasium.com/rubygems/rubygems.org
[code climate]: https://codeclimate.com/github/rubygems/rubygems.org
[trello board]: https://trello.com/board/rubygems-org/513f9634a7ed906115000755

## Contributions

Please follow our [contribution guidelines][].

[contribution guidelines]: https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems.org/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md

To get setup, please check out the [Development Setup][].

[development setup]: https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems.org/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#development-setup

Our deployment process is documented on the wiki as well, there's a multi-step
[Checklist][] to run through.

[checklist]: https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems-infrastructure/wiki/Deploys

Also please take note of our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems.org/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

If you have any trouble or questions getting set up please create an issue on this repository and we'll be happy to help!

## Organization

RubyGems.org consists of a few major parts:

* Rails app: To manage users and allow others to view gems, etc.
* Gem processor: Handles incoming gems and storing them in Amazon S3 (production) or
  on the filesystem in `server/` (development).

## License

RubyGems.org uses the MIT license. Please check the [LICENSE][] file for more details.

[license]: https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems.org/blob/master/MIT-LICENSE

Commit message:

made edits to the "supporting" section
clarified the roles of rubygems' major partners

README.md, after:

# RubyGems.org (née Gemcutter)
The Ruby community's gem host.

## Purpose

* Provide a better API for dealing with gems
* Create more transparent and accessible project pages
* Enable the community to improve and enhance the site

## Supporting

<a href="https://rubytogether.org/"><img src="https://rubytogether.org/images/rubies.svg" width=200></a><br/>
 RubyGems.org is made possible through a partnership with the greater Ruby community. <a href="http://www.rubycentral.org/">Ruby Central</a> covers infrastructure costs, <a href="https://www.fastly.com/">Fastly</a>  provides bandwidth and CDN support, and <a href="https://rubytogether.org/">Ruby Together</a> funds ongoing development and maintenance. <a href="https://rubygems.org/pages/sponsors">Learn more about how these sponsors work together</a>.

Support RubyGems ongoing maintenance by <a href="https://rubytogether.org/developers">becoming a member</a> of Ruby Together, and ensure that RubyGems.org, Bundler, and other shared tooling is around for years to come.

## Links

* [Mailing List][]
* [FAQ][]
* [IRC][]: #rubygems on Freenode
* [Travis][]: [![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/rubygems/rubygems.org/master.svg)][travis]
* [Gemnasium][]: [![Dependency Status](https://img.shields.io/gemnasium/rubygems/rubygems.org.svg)][gemnasium]
* [Code Climate][]: [![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/7110bb3f9b765042d604/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/rubygems/rubygems.org/maintainability)
* [Trello Board][]

[mailing list]: https://groups.google.com/group/rubygems-org
[faq]: http://help.rubygems.org/kb/gemcutter/faq
[irc]: https://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=rubygems
[travis]: https://travis-ci.org/rubygems/rubygems.org
[gemnasium]: https://gemnasium.com/rubygems/rubygems.org
[code climate]: https://codeclimate.com/github/rubygems/rubygems.org
[trello board]: https://trello.com/board/rubygems-org/513f9634a7ed906115000755

## Contributions

Please follow our [contribution guidelines][].

[contribution guidelines]: https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems.org/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md

To get setup, please check out the [Development Setup][].

[development setup]: https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems.org/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#development-setup

Our deployment process is documented on the wiki as well, there's a multi-step
[Checklist][] to run through.

[checklist]: https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems-infrastructure/wiki/Deploys

Also please take note of our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems.org/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

If you have any trouble or questions getting set up please create an issue on this repository and we'll be happy to help!

## Organization

RubyGems.org consists of a few major parts:

* Rails app: To manage users and allow others to view gems, etc.
* Gem processor: Handles incoming gems and storing them in Amazon S3 (production) or
  on the filesystem in `server/` (development).

## License

RubyGems.org uses the MIT license. Please check the [LICENSE][] file for more details.

[license]: https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems.org/blob/master/MIT-LICENSE
