h1. gemcutter

Awesome RubyGem hosting.

h2. Purpose

* Provide a better API for dealing with gems
* Create more transparent and accessible project pages
* Enable the community to improve and enhance the site

Please check out the "FAQ":http://gemcutter.org/pages/faq for more information.

h2. Contributions

Gemcutter has a 'commit-bit' policy, much like the Rubinius project. Submit a patch that is accepted, and you'll get full commit access to the project. All you have to do is ask us on #gemcutter on Freenode or bug qrush in a message and he'll add you as a collaborator on the main repository. Feel free to fork the project though and have fun in your own sandbox.

How to contribute:

* Fork the project
* Create a topic branch for what you're working on (@git checkout -b awesome_feature@)
* Commit away, push that up (@git push your_remote awesome_feature@)
* Create a new GitHub Issue with the commit, asking for review.
* Once it's accepted, if you want access to the core repository feel free to ask! Otherwise, you can continue to hack away in your own fork.

If you're looking for things to hack on, please check "GitHub Issues":http://github.com/qrush/gemcutter/issues. If you've found bugs or have feature ideas don't be afraid to pipe up and ask the mailing list or IRC channel about them.

h2. Organization

Gemcutter consists of a few major parts:

* Rails application: To manage users and allow others to view gems, etc.
* Sinatra app (Hostess): the gem server, lives in @app/metal/hostess.rb@.
* Rubygem: The gemcutter client gem that interacts with the site, lives in @gem/@.
* Gem processor: Handles incoming gems and storing them in S3 (production) or on the filesystem in @server/@ (development). Lives in @lib/gemcutter.rb@, @lib/indexer.rb@, @lib/vault.rb@.

h2. Testing

Make sure you run @rake gemcutter:index:create@ before running the test suite, otherwise it might complain. Better solutions to this are more than welcome.

For testing/developing the gem, cd into the @gem@ directory. Please keep the code for the gem in there, don't let it leak out into the Rails app's gem.

h2. License

Gemcutter uses the MIT license. Please check the LICENSE file for more details.
